s: suffix
es: suffix
ed: suffix
er: suffix
ee: suffix
ing: suffix
y: suffix
ies: suffix

the: gen.sg.pl.uc
a:   gen.sg
one:    nom.akk.adn.3.sg
two:    nom.akk.adn.3.pl
three:  nom.akk.adn.3.pl
four:   nom.akk.adn.3.pl
five:   nom.akk.adn.3.pl
six:    nom.akk.adn.3.pl
seven:  nom.akk.adn.3.pl
eight:  nom.akk.adn.3.pl
nine:   nom.akk.adn.3.pl
ten:    nom.akk.adn.3.pl
eleven: nom.akk.adn.3.pl
twelve: nom.akk.adn.3.pl
some: gen.nom.akk.3.pl.uc
this: gen.nom.akk.3.sg.uc
that: gen.nom.akk.3.sg.uc
these: gen.nom.akk.3.pl
those: gen.nom.akk.3.pl
my:    gen.sg.pl.uc
your:  gen.sg.pl.uc
his:   gen.sg.pl.uc
her:   gen.sg.pl.uc
their: gen.sg.pl.uc
our:   gen.sg.pl.uc
I:   nom.1.sg
me:  akk.1.sg
you: nom.akk.2.sg.pl
he:  nom.3.sg
him: akk.3.sg
she: nom.3.sg
her: akk.3.sg
it: nom.akk.3.sg
we: nom.1.pl
us: akk.1.pl
they: nom.3.pl
them: akk.3.pl

of: prep
for: prep


advice: nounuc
apartment: nounrc
bit: nounrc
book: nounrc
equipment: nounuc
everybody: noun.sg
food: nounuc
furniture: nounuc
idea: nounrc
information: nounuc
item: nounrc
lot: nounrc
luggage: nounuc
piece: nounrc
some: noun.pl
wish: nounrc
work: nounuc


English: adn
expensive: adn
few: nom.akk.gen.pl :'a|'the|'these|'those
hard: adn
latest: adn
new: adn
old: adn
separate: adn
useful: adn

very: adad

am:   pres.fin.1.sg
are:  pres.fin.2.sg.pl
is:   pres.fin.3.sg
was:  past.fin.1.3.sg
were: past.fin.2.pl
been: past.part

do:    pres.fin.1.2.pl
does:  pres.fin.3.sg
did:   past.fin
doing: pres.part
done:  past.part

have: pres.fin.1.2.pl
has:  pres.fin.3.sg
had:  past.fin.part
having: pres.part

buy:    verbr
bought: past.fin.part
comput: verbe
eat:  verbr
ate:  past.fin
eaten: past.part
finish:  verbr
give:   verbrsg
gave:   past.fin
giving: pres.part
given:  past.part
let:    verbrsg
letting: pres.part
let:    past.fin.part
see: verbrsg
saw:  past.fin
seeing: pres.part
seen: past.part
sell:  verbrsg
selling: pres.part
sold: past.fin.part
teach: verbr
taught: past.fin.part
watch: verbr
work: verbr
